---
author: "Amber Mullaney"
order: 730
---
When I transferred to Cal last semester I was completely lost. I think most new students are. But I was lost for reasons other than just unfamiliarity in a new location. I was lost because for the first time in my life I was introduced to a place that didn’t care where I was from, or what I looked like, or who my friends were. I was given the opportunity to be anyone I wanted to be. I never knew what that felt like before.

I always wanted to live in the co-ops but in the midst of the chaos of trying to figure out all that I needed to do to be a Berkeley student, I decided to live with my grandfather in Fairfield and commute. My first semester was rough. Not living close to campus caused a severe separation between me and the community I so desperately valued. I felt completely isolated and went into a deep depression. I had trouble focusing on my work. I had no motivation to keep in contact with the few friends I had made here. I debated whether to finish out the semester. And I still didn’t know who I was.

Then, I got into Cloyne. I was nervous at first because I had never lived with so many people before. But I was also incredibly excited. I was finally going to get the chance to be a part of a community of amazingly intelligent, creative, and open-minded people. I was going to live in a place that valued the same things that I had been fighting for my whole life: Honesty, Openness, Understanding, and Freedom.

I don’t come from a neighborhood you’ll hear good things about in the news. I didn’t live a sheltered life. My parents don’t have a lot of money. The only reason I’m here is because I was blessed with a scholarship. I was blessed with this place. This place we call Cloyne. This place I call home. I have never been so inspired, so in love, so moved with emotion and passion and absolute adoration for a group of people ever in my life. This place inspires me because everyone is SO different. Everyone is free to pursue whatever they want. And they DO. They are active and involved and it makes me want to get involved too! Not because I have to. But because I WANT to. Because I see the possibilities of who I can be and what I can do when I walk through these halls and I see all of this art and I can FEEL in my soul the beauty and the voices and the passion in these walls and it kills me. It just kills me to think that this could be taken from us.

We can’t give up everything we believe in out of fear. If creating stricter laws and tightening the boundaries on people’s freedom keeps them safe, then why do the strictest countries have the worst problems? Inhibition doesn’t just go in one direction. When you inhibit decay, you also inhibit growth. And we are growing here. TOGETHER. I know the BSC wants to prevent future harm in this house. We all do. We can want what’s best for people. We can talk to them. Educate them. Give them all of our love and support. But we can’t force people to be anything they don’t want to be. True love is letting people choose for themselves.

I can be anyone I want and I CHOOSE to be me. I CHOOSE to be a Clone. And I’ll never give that away.
