---
img: "/images/chelsea-sarg.jpg"
author: "Chelsea Sarg"
order: 400
---
Every day when I come back from class or work I walk through the sunlit courtyard and pass friends playing basketball, or reading, playing cards, doing construction, working in the garden. I always find my way to the kitchen and find friends cooking, people studying in the dining room. I walk down the main hall and pass the signup sheets for IM sports, for community service, for adventure club; I pass the beautiful murals lining the walls, photos of house members dressed to the tee for wine and cheese, photos of me dancing without shame the weekend before. In my room the sun shines upon the painting of a sunrise in Thailand that an old Clone did after returning from abroad.

I remind myself constantly what a beautiful and vibrant place this is and feel incredibly lucky to be a part of it. Cloyne is my home, one of my favorite places on earth. Cloyne has been one of the most transformative experiences of my life; I've made some of my best friends here, I've fallen in love here, I've learned so much, academically and otherwise, here, I've laughed and danced and sang here, I've found out a lot about myself here, I've eaten so well here, I've been so very happy and healthy in my 2 years here. In times of hardship I have found the most supportive community I could ever ask for, something that I’ve tried to pass on to new members of Cloyne each semester by being a caring and open-minded listener. From my ability to listen and connect with a greater variety of people to learning to cook food for 150 people to becoming more involved in the community with immigrant rights and furthering my studies on sustainable food systems, Cloyne has been directly and intimately entwined with all facets of my personal growth in the last 2 years. I will never forget my time here no matter what happens, but I sincerely hope this magical place can live on and continue to benefit future generations of students.