---
img: "/images/christina-lubarsky.jpg"
author: "Christina Lubarsky"
order: 840
---
I wanted to live in another co-op when I moved into Cloyne two years ago, but I took what I was given and entered the colorful, ever-changing community that is Cloyne. Cloyne, which is forever my family. My home forever, even though I've recently moved out. That is the beauty of it. Hundreds of students have floated in an out, moved their posessions from rooms to room, and painted their love and experiences upon the walls, amongst the museum of artwork hanging there.

I fell in love with Cloyne in the kitchen. Where bubbling pots that could fit me and a friend simmered and steamed with delicious swirling aromas. Where music played while chefs sang together over mega pans of lasagna and discussed the problems of society over vegan mac and cheese. Where late night quesadillas never seemed so right. Where you learned how to poach eggs from others cooking beside you and where you strengthened bonds with friends over shared pots of pesto pasta. The best dance parties happened here, with music making pots and pans and spoons a' banging.

Outside of the kitchen, we are all students. Despite all of the bliss from basking in the courtyard or dancing in the kitchen, we are very "academically-themed" people. After doing yoga on the deck, we are challenged with thermodynamics. We are incredibly brilliant and creative people, and find discovery in all walks of life. From harvesting apples from our courtyard trees and baking them into sweet pies, to screen printing shirts for a music festival in our backyard, we are intrepid peoples. We all have our unique skills. Of writing slamming poetry, of making winds chimes from trash, or of keeping a beat on the drums in the basement. People build pirate ships and rope ladders for goodness sake. There is such a density of life here.

I never ended up moving to another co-op like I planned. Cloyne held me close and embraced me. And I have embraced Cloyne for all that is taught me about sharing space with so many colorful people. Even more than others, I learned about myself, and felt more comfortable with my eccentric ways. I didn't learn these essential things, these ways to interact with those different, to resolve conflict with friends, and to experience my pocket of life with such joy from the school that I went to every day. I learned from my home. The painted walls that enclosed me and 149 others.

So many laughs have been absorbed into Cloyne's walls. So much sweat and so many tears and reverberating musical notes. The walls swell with love for generation of clones who sway through the house over the years and must continue to do so. The walls do not want to be white. They really don't. They want to keep radiating vibrant energy into future clones who will be able to learn from and love this magical place called Cloyne.
