---
img: "/images/daria-andrews.jpg"
author: "Daria Andrews"
order: 700
---
When I first moved into Cloyne in Spring of 2013, I was very unsure of my place within the UC Berkeley community, and was naturally scared. Cloyne immediately gave me a home, a community, and a place to grow and foster an understanding of myself. I have grown more in my time here than I thought possible, and have learned so much about myself and the type of person I want to become. Most of that is due to the amazing community and people I am surrounded by. The passion and dedication to life and all it has to offer is so striking in some many of my fellow members, and I have bene blessed to learn from them. The diversity of backgrounds, interests, life stories and goals is truly inspiring, and I am so proud to be a part of it. I learn something here every day, and for that I am thankful. This house is beautiful, everything it stands for it beautiful, and we need to take a proactive step to protect it. No one can truly understand the unique sense of belonging that comes from living in this place, I think I can safely say that Cloyne changes the people who choose to live here in an extremely profound way. Before Cloyne, I was lost, I knew I wasn’t where I needed to be. Cloyne found me, and I immediately knew I had found a place that would productively challenge my ways of thinking, inspire me to pursue my passions, and teach me love in every way possible. Cloyne found me, and with it I found my home. Cloyne Is Suck!