---
author: "Fiona Brodie"
order: 1030
---
The story of how I came to live in Cloyne may differ from some people's stories - we all have different stories. 
 
During my freshman year, when thinking about where I would live after leaving the dorms, I visited a friend at Stebbins and after talking to her about the coops I decided I would place myself on the waitlist.  Cloyne was my last choice.  I feared that it would be too large, and I had heard that it was a wild place.  It just seemed like a space in which I would not fit in.  As the fall semester of my sophomore year began I was still on the waiting list.  So, for the first five weeks of the semester I was living at home and hoping that I would soon get a spot in one of the houses.  Finally, I received an email from the BSC saying that there was a spot for me in Cloyne.  I literally freaked out...like in a bad way.  I decided that I would absolutely not move there.  This attitude, however, got me nowhere.  MY PARENTS FORCED ME TO LIVE AT CLOYNE.  This was probably, in part, because they wanted to get me the hell out of their house, but also because they could somehow see what a truly amazing space Cloyne was.  My dad was familiar with Cloyne because members of the house had been active in the anti-apartheid movement on campus in the '80s, something which he was very involved with and he swore that he had lived in places "just like Cloyne" when he was in his twenties and that his experiences in these houses had been incredible. For the stubbornness of my parents I am eternally grateful.
 
It is hard for me to express how transformative my experience at Cloyne has been and how thankful I am that I ended up living in this crazy place.  It is within the colorful walls of this house and specifically in "Superdank," the beautiful sun filled quad that I lived in for 1.5 years where wisteria grew through the windows and which every semester changed in color, decoration, and "vibe" as old roommates moved out and new ones moved in, that I have made what I know will be lifetime friends.  This house enabled me to form friendships with people all over the globe.  It is here that I have been able to partake in (or awkwardly watch, depending on my mood) spontaneous dance parties on a Tuesday night, talk through a tube that stretched from the window of my room to the window of the room below me for two weeks and that was dragged up 3 flights of stairs to my room when I wasn't home, and it was here that I learned how incredible sriracha is on popcorn.
 
Cloyne is a place where diversity is promoted and "weirdness" is more than accepted.  The talent here is incredible.  First and foremost, we are a house full of thinkers.  We are also a house of painters, dancers, actors, computer programmers, filmmakers, photographers, aspiring scientists, doctors, architects, urban planners, lawyers, writers, farmers, and much, much more. 
 
I am graduating in May and have always had plans to move out at the end of the semester.  After 3 years of living in Cloyne my time to leave has come.  I hope that this house will continue to live on and that generations of students will have the opportunity to experience this crazy, quirky place that I love so much.
