---
img: "/images/garth-fisher.jpg"
author: "Garth Fisher"
---
I moved into Cloyne as a transfer student last semester looking for affordable housing and nothing else, and instantly fell in love with the murals on the walls. You know you are in a very special place if a bunch of rhetoric, engineering, english, computer science, anthropology, political science, biology, and mathematics majors all feel moved to paint artwork on their walls. This art which won’t, if the BSC continues with its plan to waste money and enact unsustainable, drastic and damaging changes, be there for long.

I was home-schooled in the woods. Transferring to Berkeley was definitely a strange experience for me and I don’t think that if I had lived anywhere else I could have lived with so many fascinating people doing such good things. I don’t think that if I had lived anywhere else I would have felt as free and comfortable fully exploring my academic and intellectual life as I do in a place where I feel welcome and empowered in my own home.

As someone who is new to Berkeley and the co-op system it has always surprised me when I talk to people who don’t know Cloyne and learn about their pre-(mis)conceptions of it. I was shocked to read accounts in the news of the horrible things that have happened here in the past because the Cloyne I know is not the Cloyne that once was. The culture of this place has evolved since those times due to the hard work and persistence of the membership, as old Clones learned from their mistakes and passed on their knowledge, and as the BSC enacted intelligent (gradual) measures that still allowed Cloyne to thrive as a stronghold of cooperative values.

Being a co-op that doesn't have a large body of Freshman means that there’s a huge turnover rate as people graduate and go on to change the world. As such it is easy to enact lasting change without taking drastic measures that cost money and destroy our culture. This has been proven by the changes that have already happened in Cloyne over the past years to make it a much healthier place. Right now in Cloyne there are a bunch of cuddly, goofy, ridiculous, and utterly brilliant human beings who all genuinely care about each other. Because of the open, energetic, and safe environment of their home they are able to accomplish amazing things academically, intellectually, and socially.

I’m not planning on staying in Cloyne next semester or over the summer. As much as I love it it’s time to move on, but the people who live here and love this place simply are not degenerate assholes seeped in drug culture. If that ever existed, it’s old history in this quickly evolving place. These people are moderate, intelligent, human beings. These people are my friends; they don’t deserve to be evicted from the house they love for something they had no part in. They don’t deserve to be treated like a vital organ under the scalpel of an incompetent doctor who can’t tell that the infection has already healed.