---
img: "/images/jonathan-pyner.jpg"
imgWidth: "256px"
author: "Jonathan Pyner"
order: 850
---
It's difficult to write a testimonial of a day at Cloyne, and I have three years of testimonies. To define my experience to a few instances, or one instance, would be to shed light on, but would never be as bright and vibrant than that which I lived and breathed from the first whiff in the front entrance to my last walk through the halls to get a last appreciation of my home's artwork- the walls into where I would melt into the paint and memories. 

I could select the moments when I was encouraged to move out. The first few days in Cloyne, when I thought it's hallways were like the doors in the Matrix, an undefinable complex where I would lose my self. And the street light glare through my window, nights in my new room with ugly blocks of paint to cover terrifying drawings of faces and naked people; and feet pounding up and down stairs like a giant who giggled like college sophomores. There was the first time I kissed in cloyne when I thought how fleeting relationships are as her lips met with another's minutes later. The mountain of dishes, scattered remnants of cheese, egg shells, and raw bacon strips about the kitchen, and my Mom's inquiry, "you don't have to live here all semester, right?" Each wall staring into my soul like the murals observed me, got to know this new clone. The talk from some of my fellow first-semester clones about Cloyne being a heroin den. I could have moved to a different house, shut Cloyne down in my mind based on its past and rumored presence, or my fear of living in a house so alive and unabashed as Cloyne. I could have moved out.

I can focus on these memories to look back upon. Frame the ignorance about cloyne, staring into its universe and trying to figure it out, observing its apparent aspects, as an outsider, Cloyne's darkest moments.The parts that other outsiders saw, the Daily Cal, SF Chronicle, and the numerous apartment dwelling students whispering, "Don't move in there."

I'll take a moment to consider having written Cloyne off as a dirty drug den, and moving out. The things I may have not existed, like when I sat in my room, afraid to explore this new world, when I heard "skinny love" for the first time, played behind a shy hall mate's bedroom door, alone and without shame, the most beautiful rendition I have ever heard sung; or when I heard the song "the general" playing from down the hall and realized maybe I could make some friends that will bless me with connection in this chaos. If I didn't live in that chaos, who needs to make a connection? 

I wouldn't have become viceroy, and joined the conversation about our response to drugs and necessary transformation after the 2010 overdoses, or spent most of my time in Cloyne's bubble trying to smile the house into a "positive culture." I wouldn't have been around a year after the overdoses when ~113  residents voluntarily moved out of Cloyne (sounds like a purge), and I wouldn't have terrified a group of international students by inviting them to shotgun, followed by their requests to transfer out of Cloyne, which they cancelled, only to fall in love with the place as much as I had. I sure as hell wouldn't have been around as a leader in a house where, as a one year old clone, I would have to help facilitate the transformation into a different, "not drug centric" culture. I wouldn't have worked my ass off with so many others to create space that cultivates harm prevention, by following the 2010 plan, creating/organizing CAWs, working with social managers to create choices for sober entertainment like intermural teams, or battled with cabinet to stop trying to act as our parent the first time they threatened to cancel pirate party. I wouldn't have addressed cabinet for writing Cloyne off as a group of rebellious adolescents without stepping foot inside to discuss with its membership that which will affect it.

I didn't write Cloyne off. I lived there for two years, wrote a shitty poem on the ceiling, and said my final goodbye. And then returned for another year. 

I fell in love in Cloyne. I made love. I received more love. There were many centers in Cloyne, many gravitational sources. I wandered into open doors and met hundreds of people: most of whom I will only know as a face and returned smile, but some I have and will continue to paint, sing, write, and dance each other fucking clean. I'll pity those who live without the freedom I learned in Cloyne's sublimity. I'll pity even more those who think it is their job to inhibit that experience for those who want it. While at Cloyne, I was cooked in wine, then smoked out on the grill, fried on a skillet, then melted into the walls. My experience was never centered around anything but connecting with other humans. Dishes mattered, and so did someone throwing thirty wine bottles in a row on the courtyard ground. I spent a fair amount of time pissed off. But If I wanted to drink a bottle of chuck to myself, paint something on the walls, or pass a motion for a fucking gong, I did it without shame because it was my house. As manager, during my time trying to "transform" the house, I morphed into a new person, and a perfect one because of my own willingness to believe it. Cloyne changed too. It always will.