---
img: "/images/kate-boden.jpg"
author: "Kate Boden"
order: 200
---
Cloyne is walking into the kitchen at four am and watching an eccentric male cook pasta primavera with perfectly sautéed mushrooms. Cloyne is listening to impromptu kitchen raps full of flavor and rhyme, free expression of self along side the smell of chopped garlic and fried onions. Cloyne is waking up with the blooming Wisteria in the sun soaked courtyard and the sound of power tools belonging to dedicated deck builders who are either starting their day or finishing their evening. Cloyne is the collection of rhythmic collisions between plate and fork before dinner, the synchronized calling for food. Cloyne is using spoons to hit plastic lids who will be substitutes for plates and a spatula to fork lentils on top of baked squash, kale chips, and salad. Cloyne is staying at the dinner table until the entire kitchen has been cleaned because a discussion of fundamental forces kept you from moving. Cloyne is the discussion of matter, meaning, neurons, Newsweek, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Wallace, Whitman, Woodrow, gender, genetics, gentrification, litigation, population, prison, pressure, Poynting vector, energy, entropy, elegy, carbon, culture, crossword, Crossroads, creation, indoctrination, Dali, Dante, diaspora, diversity.

This is the culture that I have been blessed to watch grow, and be a part of. This is what is so special to me about this house and cooperative living; the ability to create culture beyond the one we were born into. Of course there will always be aspects of our birth culture in us but this house gives its members the chance to create something new. Within the walls of Cloyne is the opportunity to be absolutely anything and everything you can imagine.

Most things that we do lock us into routine and we become creatures dedicated to habit. Wake up, fill empty nut butter jar with coffee, attend lecture, do problem set, eat, rest head. Wake up, grab old left-over bagel, attend lecture, read papers, eat, rest body. Wake up, Wake up, Wake up. It is easy for any individual to fall into this kind of routine but with 150 minds spinning 150 stories it is impossible to find yourself trapped in one style. You may just find yourself enjoying mushroom pasta at four am, or engaging in conversations about wave functions and probability, the potential is infinite. In no other location in North American is there an atmosphere like Cloyne, no other collection of people so broad, no other place I would rather call Home.

“Wake up Cloyne”