---
img: "/images/katie-holmes.jpg"
author: "Katie Holmes"
order: 100
---
I have painted seven murals in this house since moving in a year and a half ago. Yesterday I planted ferns and daffodils in the front yard, and today I decorated furniture while listening to a group of boys work on a beautiful new deck. I’ve also done the not-so-nice things for this house – I’ve washed pots for three hours straight and cleaned walls with buckets of bleach. In everything I’ve done, though, I have done it with the knowledge that I will not be here forever – these are not improvements for my personal living space, but literally for this house.

Cloyne is a truly magical place, and part of that magic is its temporality. We enter it with the knowledge of a set expiration date, and yet we love this house and its members with all of our hearts. I, and many other Clones, will be leaving at the end of this semester – so why do we care if the walls are painted white, if all current members are purged, and if additional restrictions are imposed upon incoming members by the BSC? Why are countless old Clones rallying behind us, with their own stories and words of encouragement? It’s because Cloyne is not just about the individuals who currently inhabit it, but about it’s cultural legacy and the marks it leaves on every single person who passes though its doors.

The BSC tells us that we own this house. They require us (with penalty of fines) to do “house improvement” projects and weekly workshift hours. They encourage us to have weekly councils, make house-wide decisions democratically, and follow the Rochdale principles – and they claim to do the same. But how can we, or any future Cloyne or BSC members, take any of that seriously if the record stands that the BSC will impose stricter and broader house restrictions, operate greater control, kick out members from their home, and plaster white our lovingly painted walls? How can we continue loving our house when it is no longer ours?

For the first time in my life, at Cloyne, I felt that I was contributing to something much larger than myself. I saw old Clones return with children or friends and say “I built that!” or “I painted that!” or “I remember this one time when...” and I knew that some day that would be me. With every brushstroke that I made upon Cloyne’s walls, I cemented myself into its legacy. Although I will soon leave, and someday someone else will paint a mural on top of mine, every white wall that CO paints does not purge “drug culture”: it purges a culture of respect, responsibility, creativity, and love."