---
img: "/images/maegan-blansett.jpg"
author: "Maegan Blansett"
order: 500
---
As a slightly unconventional, 5th year transfer student, I have lived a lot of places in college, but none of them have come close to my experience at Cloyne.

Dorms are an awkward combination of dissimilar people packed together that can result in great friendships or a miserable freshman year; apartments and houses with friends are a nice way to get close with a few people and practice your real world domestic skills, but they can limit your social interactions and leave you feeling stressed managing housework with schoolwork; and sorority houses (at least in my experience as a live-in member of one at Cal) are beautifully kept buildings with great food and full housekeeping, plus a hundred of the same spoiled girl running around and so many rules you can barely breathe without getting fined. A co-op is a unique place to live, and Cloyne is a unique co-op.

I have never felt more welcome, at home, or at ease anywhere else the way I feel at Cloyne. I love the history attached to the name. I love the paintings on every wall. I love my fellow members, who treat me with respect and kindness while still allowing me the anonymity I desire. I love the huge array of spaces in the house-- a space for photography, for making music, for studying, for gardening, for working out, for cooking, and for eating wonderful food that someone carefully orders and someone else carefully prepares. My favorite space is the free 'pile' that takes up an entire room in the house, where I can donate things I no longer want and score some great finds myself. I will admit, when I found out I was living in a house with 150 other people, I was a little concerned about the technicalities of how something like this could possibly function-- but it does. I love that every resident is accountable for their space through the workshift system, and that we all actually do them (somewhat surprising initially) and pitch in to keep Cloyne beautiful and livable, because we love living here.

I have many friends in other co-ops, and have seen many other houses, but none of them FEEL the way Cloyne feels. I think the greatest beauty of this house emanates from the people who live here, who love this house, and who love each other. Even as a new member still getting acclimated to the co-op system, I can see why Cloyne is special and why it is worth saving. There is no other place like this one, and it results from everything that Cloyne has come to be over many years. A Cloyne with white walls, constant quiet hours, and its multifunctional spaces converted to study halls would not be a Cloyne worth living in, or even existing for that matter. I feel so incredibly lucky to have been able to live here, and I feel deeply saddened that other people might not be able to have that experience in the future.