---
img: "/images/clologo.jpg"
author: "Wesley Stratton"
order: 1110
---
I owe my entire life to Cloyne. I say that whole heartedly. Not literally, per se - it is not like Cloyne saved me from a large boulder falling from the sky - but for the happiness and perspective and community that I have today, I owe it all. 

After Cal, I went to University of Pennsylvania to get another Bachelors in Nursing and I am now a practicing Nurse in San Francisco working for the SF County Jail and for UCSF as a nurse researcher. My partner (whom I met at Cloyne) and I are both pursuing master's degrees and I am considering a doctorate to do research on public health and underserved populations. This information is to support the idea that worldly successful people can have Cloyne be their home for 2.5 years during undergrad. I would go so far to say that my experience at Cloyne facilitated my worldly success through intellectual stimulation. Cloyne is a unique place in that, in no where else have I found such a large community of brilliant, inspired, and carefree young minds. In fact, the intellectual and spiritual discussions that accompany such a life-changing experiment in community living that is Cloyne has itself inspired dozens of essays, theses, short stories and documentaries, among the support it gives to the successes of community living around the world and at academic institutions. 

One of my most favorite things to tell younger people going off to college and to older folks that will appreciate the perspective is: I learned more from my time outside of class than I did in. Most of that time outside of class involves or is closely connected to Cloyne itself. Cloyne helped me realize what life was all about. Many people spend most of their lives trying to find their purpose in this world. I vividly remember this feeling that I would get that would go on for weeks at a time - the feeling of trying to hold on to the roller-coaster of realizations I was having about life and about how this world works. Cloyne took me for a wonderful ride and my life would not be the same without that my time there. 6 out of 8 of my best friends today (7 years later) lived at Cloyne and all 8 lived in the BSC system at some point. My inspiration to become a nurse was found through discussions in that very dinning hall. Maybe most significantly of all, Cloyne served as the gracious host to my then budding (now fully blooming) spirituality. 

As a believer in Karma, I would say that one fantastic karmic seed ripened for me to end up as a human in this society and to have lived at Cloyne Court. 